POC: [M3-7538] - Cloud Manager GH Pages Docs (#9960)
linode/manager: docs/development-guide/index.md

---
layout: default
title: Development Guide
nav_order: 4
has_children: true
---

# Development Guide

> Find resources about specific areas of development in Akamai's Cloud Manager.

Reviewer: Do you mean the documentation? If so should we point them here https://www.linode.com/docs/?

> For any other issues feel free to open an issue to report a bug or request a feature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For any other issues, feel free to [open a GitHub Issue](https://github.com/linode/manager/issues/new) to report a bug or request a feature.
```
